what is up guys tech cracks here so in
this video we're going to be dropped
testing the samsung galaxy s4 i have the
white frost edition this is the unlocked
version 16 gig and i'm going to be doing
three different tests they're all of
them are going to be about five to six
feet high i'm going to be starting out
with a side test then moving on to a
back test and then finally the front
facing test so without further ado guys
we're going to go ahead and start with
the side test so side test in 321 so
we're really going to examine the full
results later I'm going to go straight
into the back test in 321 and now
finally we have the final front-facing
test in 321 so the final from facing
drop tests really finished it up as you
can see upon the impact on the whole
front screen got shattered pretty much
from the kind of bottom of the phone up
to the middle of the phone and honestly
I was really surprised at this because I
heard that the galaxy s4 was supposed to
have a new stronger Gorilla Glass 3
screen and out of all my previous drop
testing experience I mean I didn't
expect this just to happen especially
that it was only about five feet high
but then again you know it was a
front-facing drop test and you know
that's just how it is now on the corners
and especially the back really suffered
no damage at all it was just really the
screen on the top but I hope you guys
enjoyed this video stay tuned for more
destruction videos subscribe and peace
out